# Context
The journey of SADAY began when 5 individuals came together in the first phase of the COVID lockdown in March 2020 and provided food to certain migrants who were on the urge of suicide due to loss of jobs and lack of money and food.
SADAY took help from the community and started a community kitchen because there were numerous similar people who were abandoned and in need of basic necessities. However, approximately 10,000 people were helped during the first phase of lockdown. Post this, SADAY thought of enlarging the initiative on a bigger scale by being a non-governmental organization.
Therefore, SADAY became a registered NGO in June 2020. And currently, more than 10 lakh people have been helped by SADAY because more than 100 SADAY soldiers are working continuously to attain the mission of bridging the gap between the privileged and the underprivileged sections of the society because SADAY cares for the people.
Thereby, since 2020, the trail of helping the needy and providing them with basic necessities is successfully moving ahead, rising the number of beneficiaries with each passing day.
# Challenge
The organization is looking for a mental healthcare service provider through the Mental Health initiative "It's Okay Not To Be Okay" that connects the clients with the mental health professionals forming a One Stop Solution For All Mental Health Problems.
It would act as a lever between the providers and seekers. From Booking sessions, keeping track to conducting online appointments between psychologists, psychiatrists and patients with reminders related to their routine life become easy and secure. Sections such as podcast and feed related to mental health would be incorporated. Introducing mental health products section which include books, yoga mat, oil diffusers, helps the client and other program beneficiaries as well.